what wave sexy androids youtubers me
I am android tutorials and in this video
I will explain how to fly in games
of hunger ' step by step to
beginners good let's start
i
but the first thing we have to do is
download the two applications that I
I will leave you in the description of the video
Well first what we are going to do is
open block launcher
good since they opened it now they come out
this was so that the next one we're going
to use has already recognized your
device has already recognized the model
of the blog longer good now we go to the
next application called mods for
Minecraft
we will look like this and we go to the
first option that says mod by zero
dot and damn ads mod force 0.9
point x
here are all the ways we can
install
well the one that serves us is the penultimate
which is called sj craft will be applied
there
and they will give you in install
manage written mode you are going to
give you are going to import
described mode matters
and now they just come out
and now they go back to blog
launcher
Well, up there appears a
small key if you can not notice
when we open the blog launcher, we're going
to give there and we will give the mod script
we will look like this and we will
appear here we will look like this sj
kraft 0 9 x point
They will give you there and they will give you
Activate
since it is activated only they are returned
and now they go on the server to which
play I play on the 43rd point lbs point
punto net in case someone wants to play
there
they open it
because as they see I can only jump I can not
fly yet
Well now let's open the chat we're going to
write the following
diagonal
sj craft fly the fly activated mode
and as you see now I can fly
that simple
and I can also run
Well I hope you liked them
have served this video is my second
video yet so I know I have many
things to improve but I would appreciate it
who subscribed you and gave you a like
please I would appreciate it very much
I take the opportunity to send greetings to me
dear friend angel who was the first
subscriber of this channel very many
thank you angel and good I will keep going up
videos depending on the people that I
support etc etc good I am and drop and
I hope you liked it until later
do not forget to subscribe